Build granularity changes (#201)
dfinity/docs: modules/release-notes/pages/sdk-release-notes.adoc

[[highlights]]
== Highlights of what's new in {release}

The {release} release includes the following new features and capabilities:

> - The `+dfx build+` command now supports building all or specific canister.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `+dfx build+` command now supports building a single canister with the `+--canister-name+` option, in addition to building all.
```

+
For example, you can compile the code for a back-end canister without building the canister used for your project's front-end assets.
+

> Because of this change to the `+dfx build+` command, the `+--skip-frontend+` option is no longer needed and has been deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of this change to the `+dfx build+` command, the `+--skip-frontend+` option is no longer needed and has been removed.
```
